feat: support workspaces for go (#864)
canonical/craft-parts: docs/common/craft-parts/reference/plugins/go_plugin.rst

will be a separate ``go generate`` call. The default behavior is not to call
``go generate``.

go-workspace-use
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
**Type**: list of strings
**Default** []

Parameters to setup a `go workspace`_ with modules to use for the build. The
current source is added automatically when any path is defined. Paths must be on

> the local filesystem (e.g.; within ``$CRAFT/STAGE``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the local filesystem (for example, within ``$CRAFT_STAGE``).
```

My understanding is that we should avoid the latin abbreviations

Common means of providing ``go`` are:

> ***** The ``golang`` Ubuntu package, declared as a ``build-package``.

Reviewer: what's this change?
